# Object Dependency INspector (ODIN)
Tool to inspect EO programs for potential defects. Additionaly, it can be used to analyses programs in Java and C++ if they are first passed through such transpilers as `J2EO` and `C2EO`.

## Detectable Defects
### 0. Divison by zero
> Instances of division by zero. (implementation is available in polystat)
### 1. Unanticipaded mutual recursion
> Mutual recursion caused by method redefinition during inheritance.

(refer to [this document](https://github.com/polystat/odin/blob/master/docs/analysis/mutual_recursion_analyzer.md) for more information)
### 2. Unjustifed assumptions about methods of superclasses
> Assumptions made in subclasses regarding method dependencies in superclasses.

(refer to [this document](https://github.com/polystat/odin/blob/master/docs/analysis/unjustified_assumption_detection.md) for more information)
## Assumptions and Limitations
Some assumptions are made about EO programs and used EO constructs during analysis for all type of defects. Additionally, some constructs and syntax are not supported intentionally.

### 1. No support for named arguments
The syntax is deemed unnecessary in the scope of analysis, as the target programs generated by `J2EO` and `C2EO` code transpilers do not rely on it.
For example, the following code snippet cannot be processed by Odin:
```
distance.
  point
    5:x
    -3:y
  point:to
    13:x
    3.9:y
```

### 2. No support for multilene attribute access
As with above, the syntax is deemed unnecessary in the scope of analysis, as the target programs generated by `J2EO` and `C2EO` code transpilers do not rely on it.
As such, the following code snippet will not be regonised and process by Odin:
```
dx.pow 2
  .add
    dy.pow 2
  .sqrt > length
```

### 3. Multi-file EO programs are only partially supported
While, the imports are recognised by the analyzer in the form of `+alias optional-alias imoprt` statements, the actual code behind them is not used during analysis. More than that, the only instance when imports are considered is during the setting-locators stage of the third defect analysis. Even then, the information is not used in any meaningful way.